this is chatroom instant noodles I'm
here with whitey F at the YTF Christmas
album launch party and this is Victor
Kim and d-trix killing it like always in
their nice outfits so are you guys
excited tonight whoo
yes oh right that's good answer
I guess they are excited so tell us what
your what's this album about like what
type of song is going to expect on it no
it's about Christmas spirit and and
having fun with your friends
it's about whitey I'm having a great
time you know and we wanted to give back
to the community and our fans our fans
were asking for you saying you know what
we said we said let's do it let's do it
let's do it that's exactly what happened
we got all types of stuff you know we
got happy stuff we got sad stuff we got
funny stuff oh we got stuff a lot of
stuff when you guys are recording this
album were there any conflicts between a
group anybody wanted to sing more than
the other person or no you guys big big
happy family when a couple is about
about the singing yeah my thought was
like why are we not having my mom saying
all the time
ask you a question honestly that's odd
okay uh when when when was the last time
your son wet the bed last time how this
afternoon yes I drink a lot of water
this morning
like any good so uh real quick just one
last question before we leave who do you
think is the sexy one sexiest one in
this group personally okay leaving
answers me so good job so KevJumba is
the sexiest we want that on record
what's the question who's the sexiest
one in the group and in my left
obviously look how cute he is right I'm
sorry I didn't recognize you with your
shirt on that's